This video was sent to us by a source stating that this is how the trucks carrying vital supplies to Manipur are being heckled in Nagaland by some miscreants. Prices of basics like onions have skyrocketed to around Rs.100 per kilo due to these unofficial blockades. This issue needs national attention and it is a request to the Home Ministry to take some action in this regard as dialogue between the two states of Nagaland and. Manipur is non-existent and this issue has hardly got any media coverage!
The meitei plain people over there always try to impose their cultural chauvinism on the Christian Hills people... I think the meiteis are being taught a good lesson by these blockages... it is very similar to Kalita vs Boro fights...
With the introduction of new Rs.2000 and Rs.500 notes after the demonetisation of old Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes in November, a lot of news have surfaced regarding the circulation of fake currencies of the newly released denominations. In a fresh incident that occurred in Birubari at Guwahati, one per...
Last December, four new elements\u2014with atomic numbers 113, 115, 117, and 118\u2014earned their spots on the periodic table. They were temporarily named ununtrium, ununpentium, ununseptium, and ununoctium until the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry revealed their \u201cunofficial\u201d names in June
Dey are grtt successful ppl so dey dnt need gucci,armani or D &G .Xualy u r wrng admin,its about choices.Dey dnt like to wear branded clothes bt dey travel in luxurious cars,live in posh homes wth all facilities.If u doubt dat den google it n check for urslf,by d way i agree swagger,swank ol these are bullshitt created by some idiots to hide their idiocy.
Don't get lost in pursuit of shit like swag and swank. Stay humble, loyal and carry compassion wherever you go. Be like Bill & Mark.
M+P = LOVE CONFESSION AGAIN\n\n\"Admin bro...please post this..Confession is the only way left for me to communicate with her...!!\nThis is for a girl who studies in Handique girls college and is about to complete. Her name is P***...and we used to have a code M+P=<3 in our relation....So this is enough for her to understand about the confessor.\nFriends I do not belong to your city.....but the city has given me so much memories(from kfc to shraddhanjali,everything)..that even if i try to forget them...I cannot..! i was in a relation with this gal from ur city......before that i was a very different kinda guy, strong hearted,used to flirt..and all...never took anything seriously....but this gal has changed me...completely!! I finally realized what i means to have someone in...! I was not very serious in the beginning....but days have made my love stronger for her...n now i cannot even imagine a life without her..!\nPriya.... i know i have mis treated u.... i have attracted unsuitable fights...made you cry...but i never Cheated you. Trust me ...Now i realize my mistake.....since i can feel the every bit of pain that I had inflicted in you....I have understood my faults...and changed myself...please give me a chance to prove myself again...priya! U re the light of my life....Don't abandon me in this darkness..please\ni always hope that you become successful in your life...and acheive your ambitions gradually....!For my mistakes if i m required to wait for u...I m ready to wait....years for you.....I will never love or touch a girl in my entire life...I'll wait for...You.. forever...Even if u become unsuccessful...or face the worst situation (let it be anything...) physically or mental trauma..(even if u become a psycho)..I will always accept you with a smile in my face...! :) I always keeping checking my phone hoping to get a reply from you.....And i always will! I bet u can never forget my no. so whenever you remember anything between us...Please don't hesitate to call me..!! I'll always be there! :)\nSo brothers n sisters in guwahati....please pray for me......that she returns to me...So that this chapter gets a better conclusion.. ! God bless b you guys Always
I don't know why we have problem with this, cant we respect our national anthem or national flag, cant you stand for 52 seconds when you will take a seat for next 3 hours, why you are making comparison that why not in supreme court or parliament when you yourself hate when someone compare other with you. Are our ego so stubborn that just supreme court said not by ourself so we will mock the decision, may be supreme courst should not take such decision but if it took so then there must be any reason. And if you really have any problem with this decision then the problem lies within yourself. #FRANKCASTLE
oh common buddy..a number of cinema halls have been playing the national anthem way before the judgement and it made me sad to see that people sitting on their ass without a care in the world like the song was something new and strange for them.\nYou are saying that the states want to break apart from india. Yes, you are correct. But these states are like little teenage kids who just wants to get out of their parent's basement and experience the world. But without their parents they are most likely to be torn apart in this harsh world. And the country acting like a sensible parent has to take some steps to at least try to reform the spoiled kids. These steps may include some imposing like this decision. \nThats my understanding so far. Sorry for the analogy_its a bit of habbit..Peace
Whenever and wherever i got to hear our National Anthem I get goosebumps.... its not abt patriotism its about giving respect to our anthem our country...
Bahniman is like RIP Assamese Film Industry. Pathetic acting no story poor direction and disastrous dialogue delivery. Extinction looms large for the assamese film industry if such films are made.
Guys hopefully you'll post this story of mine. I will be grateful if you do. I need to find her. Help me with this, please .\n\nIt was 27th Nov, ION Digital Centre, IBPS Clerical Exam . I caught a glimpse of a very pretty girl, no she was not the prettiest one out there, she was the most beautiful girl i've ever seen.Then I went on took my machine code, verified my docs. I tried to look out for her again. No luck. Me and my friend then went on to stand in the queue to enter our respective halls. There she was, standing besides me. WOW! The odds were very low that i'd see her there. We shared a very short stare , I didn't want to creep her out. Then she went ahead in the girls queue. Didn't see her again. \n        After the exams I waited for my friend in the parking lot , and AGAIN I saw her there. I was such a coward on my part to not ask her about her exam went and most importantly what her name was. I am repenting it since that day.\n       The only thing I know about her is that she has such pretty eyes and she wore a dark grey colored sweat shirt and glasses she wore had red frames.\n       I couldn't think of any other way to reach out to her, so I am hoping that she reads this or someone who does can help me to reach out to her and we meet again for once someday.\n\"\n\n#Parker: Sounds a lot like my girlfriend
Join a B.tech in CSC, then complete M.tech, then go to Europe and join an underground Hacktivitist group. Then try to hack Jio servers and increase the speed of 4g. Finally if u succeed all this, then u can go and hack the IbPs server and find out the name of the girl. Hoaah
It's not about winning or loosing a match, its our pride. If we are discussing something about football today is bcoz of this team...  #neufcfanalways
Meanwhile in Kerela , fans destroy stadium after their team win the match.
Congo to all NEUFC Fans\nWe are out. Yet again. Yayyyy. Next year again we will be given false hope, our home ticket prices will be hiked more, New manager n stuff. But one thing will stay constant: Disastrous Performance :)
We will be back stronger next season....\nDis z heartbreaking but yes,,dis z the time to show the real support to the team...\nIts time to stand behind our team in its darkest hours
 already told u guys they suck. Isl should only indian people, no foreign should be appointed at any cost .but no the people only want money n shit
Still good try North East its just a game people winning and loosing is part of it
Am I the only one who have not seen even a single match of NEUFC.
I Am Proud Of NEUFC, Win Or Lost Is A Part Of Game, Keep Up Your Sportsmen Spirit, Well Played.
Did you catch any films this weekend? Bahniman, Moana or Kahaani 2? \n\nI think Kahaani 2 was a decent watch! What about you guys?
it's little hard for me to manage time for a  movie.sanam teri kasam was the last movie which i've had watched and i loved that movie
Bahniman is also a good 1..Aikhon movie sai kobo pari Assamese movie olop advance technology use korise..great achievement for Assamese film industry.
Let's all cheer for our team as they enter the biggest game of their lives! Its do or die time tonight. \n\nGreat Places to watch the game: \n\nThe Basement Cafe, Opposite Commerce College\nUnderdoggs, Central Mall\nCorner Cafe, Uzan Bazar
Congratulations.. today is the day for celebration for you. Life is itself so beautiful, why you need drugs to enjoy? All those who says drugs or weeds is nothing bad, are fools.. every human should be independent, and should not depend on such material to be happy. What a brave boy you are that you dare to say it here. Your family will be proud of you. Moreover you should be happy that you understood life; how precious it is. People will laugh at you, say bad words for you, but REMEMBER your loved ones will always feel proud to have you. Listen to your heart, listen to the advice of ur parents and be thankful that you understood the true meaning of life. You are cool enough to inspire a hell lot of human. I am just one of them.
smoking weed doent make u unsuccessfull or lost.. ol dos things u said are just an excuse bro.. being obsessed wid sumthng is harmfull ..either it is weed or life.. sumtime u sud just nid to let it go in the flow..  nobody has a perfect lyf.. let weed help u make ur things straight...it realy works.
Good choice buddy. Even though i dont have first hand experience but i 've heard its really tough to get over the addiction of weeds and you did that by yourself. Nice job. Hope you stay this way forever. God bless
Everyone is not born equal.... some can resist the addiction ,some can't. I am glad you realised that you were getting addicted and its affecting your health. Good choice on leaving it.All the best for your future.
Arent u the one who posted a pic on fb while riding a bike and smoking weed with a caption 'smoke weed and fly high' look at u now man..
There is nothing wrong in smoking weed.\nIt is a stress buster.\nYou probably overdosed on it.\nWeed should be legalised.
And still people share to   legalise WEED saying WEER  cure Cancer -_- . and you was one among it anyways it's  good to get you back Bro enjoy the life of reality ! and start new begging with enjoying every moment life is worth living ;)
Brother,try to be alone in every possible aspects even though it doesn't sound good, But I always do that,maintaining a distance from everything that's going to be a problem for me....
THIS IS MY EXPERIENCE.. PLEASE EXCUSE MY GRAMMAR. HOW BAD COMPANY ALMOST  RUIN MY LIFE ..I WAS VERY  FEELING  VERY LOW BECAUSE OF MY LOW GRADES IN COLLEGE .I WAS LIKE VERY DEPRESSED .MY FRIENDS WERE  STONER LIKE A REAL LIFE  STONER .WHO NEEDED THEIR DAILY DOSE LIKE FROM THEIR MORNING BAKE TO MIDNIGHT DOSE.THEIR COLLEGE WAS DIFFERENT  AND MINE WAS DIFFERENT BUT WE SHARED THE SAME FLAT.ALTHOUGH I ADVISED THEM SO MUCH TO STOP SMOKING THEY DIDN\u2019T LISTEN.I IGNORED TO SMOKE WEED  MANY TIMES.BUT I WAS INTO IT AND DIDN\u2019T KNOW WHEN I GOT ADDICTED TO IT.I WAS SO ADDICTED TO SMOKING WEED THAT  I ALMOST LOST MY REALITY LIKE I NEEDED MORNING BAKE  AND I WAS CRAVING FOR  IT.AND THE KIND OF ADVICES I GOT FROM MY FRIENDS LIKE WEED WILL RELIEVE YOUR  PAIN.IT WILL EASE YOUR MIND.\nLIKE I AM ASHAMED TO CALL THEM MY FRIENDS.NOT A DAY WENT BY I DIDN\u2019T SMOKE WEED  LIKE  FOR ALMOST FIVE MONTHS I WAS NOT  SOBER  FOR A SINGLE  DAY.I SMOKED WEED EVERY SINGLE DAY AND STILL I CRAVED FOR MORE. I ALMOST LOST MY REALITY. HAD FIGHTS WITH MY PARENTS. NOTHING IMPROVED  BUT IT BECAME WORSE.  ONE NIGHT  MY HEALTH GOT WORSE AND I REMEMBER THROWING UP  ALL NIGHT .AND HAD A BLACKOUT.THAT NIGHT I DECIDED TO QUIT.ITS HARD TO GIVE UP EASILY BUT ITS WORTH IT. TRUST ME GUYS.\nGUYS ALL I WANT TO SAY   IS SMOKING WEED AND DOING  DRUGS IS NOT COOL.YOU  WILL LOSE YOUR REALITY . AND YOUR REAL IDENTITY\nI KNOW THE WORLD IS HARD  AND WE GET CARRIED AWAY SO EASILY TO THE PRESSURE.BUT  THIS ISN\u2019T IS THE OPTION GUYS.THIS SHIT WILL ONLY MAKE MESS OF YOUR BODY, YOUR MIND AND YOUR LIFE.\nAND  BY THE GROWING TREND I SEE THESE DAYS AMONG THE TEENAGERS,ALL  I WANT TO SAY IS THAT GIVE UP  ON THIS HABIT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE GUYS.THERE IS NOTHING COOL ABOUT SMOKING THIS SHIT.AND TO MY FRIENDS  TOO PLEASE STOP.THINK ABOUT YOUR FAMILY,YOUR FRIENDS .YOU WONT DO YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS ANY GOOD IF YOU DON\u2019T STOP NOW.DONT  LET THIS HABIT DESTROY YOUR LIFE.\nP.S. HAVE BEEN SOBER FOR ALMOST FOUR MONTHS.AND HAVE PROMISED  MYSELF TO NEVER SMOKE AGAIN.LOOKING FORWARD TO LIFE IN SOBRIETY.
Realisation and avoiding the same task shows the identity of soft & good heart.
N when some of them will surrender they wud be welcomed wd bouquets n god knows how much of government aid which enables them to become frst class contractors/businessman/whatever in no time wd shopping malls n wat not in d list of wealth.
Ordinary people bear the brunt of  army s retaliation
Now Shyamal can withdraw only 25% of his 50% money and rest will be with goverment till next 4 years :) #FRANKCASTLE
Now Syamlal is under Govt radar and may not commit tax fraud in future....i hope that you consider that point too
This example is assuming a perfect condition. Which is not always the case. However let's analyse the situation wrt present IT laws in India.\n\n1.higest  Income tax for an individual is 30% upto income of 1crore per annum. So in the first case the income tax should be 30lakh instead of 35lakh as mentioned in the post.\n\n2. The actual rule for 50% income tax for voluntary declaration is that initial payment of income tax is 50% and in addition to that 25% of the income will be in a lock in (you can't withdraw the 25% ) for 4years. So shyamlal will be paying a income tax of 75% effectively (although he will get rest of 25% back after a few years)\n\n3. Shyamlal who didn't pay income tax /filed false in or tax return spend 50lakh per annum for the last five years!!! Well if you're spending such kind of money you can't just be hidden in the society as a common man. The money is shown, it's visible. Either in terms of luxury cars/houses/bungalows/dresses etc. \nNow a person who is spending 50lakhs per annum and showing his income less than 2.5lakh per annum to the IT department (which is the legal limit for income tax in India), will constantly be in fear of being caught. He can't just go and write a cheque/make an online payment like ramlal. The honest guy can do anything with his money. Shyamlal probably has to bribe the local gundas, police,politician etc constantly  as a measure of 'protection money'. After all he can't  keep his 2.5crore in bank can he ? And keeping cash of 2.5crore in house is like openly inviting problem and anxiety. \n\nThe point is the peace of mind that comes with honesty is priceless. \n\nPS: On a different note, the fine for voluntary income disclosing SHOULD be higher.
Who had money will continue having the same. It hardly makes any difference for them.  Demonetisation isnt the 1st time taking place in india. It is just that it has been policitised to such an extent we have been blinded and cannot make out what are the actual reactions and consequenses being caused.
RANT AT THE MUSIC INDUSTRY\n\nWith respect to Assamese Music Videos, how are actors getting music videos. Someone who is a choreographer and casts himself: God you are pain in the A%%. A dashing 'senimai' model turned actor who gets videos by oiling: Dude you may look very good and have amazing body but you have no expressions, like weight training get some acting training, a fatty \"\"Ahetuk\"\" one film wonder: Please loose some weight. Except Utpal Das at present no other actor is a complete package. Admin do post this. I mean not to criticise but letting my heart out.\"\n\n#Parker: I lost you at \"With respect to Assamese videos\" \ud83d\ude02
So Keyboard Soldiers are the Real one but not those who makes the Real fight in Real Life and stay anonymous are the Fake ones.
Oddly enough, people on the Internet are more real than people in real life. The ability to act anonymously makes us much more genuine.
Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.
Why care about someone else's word who doesnt mean anything to u, be it your ex or some unknown number? \n\nCare about those who cares about you. Love those who loves you back. There isnt any wrong to do that.
are you plain stupid or do you refuse to accept that you're stupid? if you knew your number has been spread shouldn't the first thing to do is change your number and if the new guy is caring and understanding like you say you shouldn't be even giving any thoughts to your ex or is the reason you're still using the same number could be that you hope for your ex to call you?
Just change ur no n move on. Dnt let anybody judge u except urself. N plz dnt let ur moral down just becoz of such morons.
just change ur nmbr who cares what others think ur family or partner doesnt think u are a slut so thats enough
More than a frnd less than a boyfrnd..wtf!!! Frnds with benefit or wat..
What is \"more than a friend, less than a boyfriend\"? Fuck buddy?
well...do u have a proof that spreading ur numbr is done by ur ex...it must b ur present bf too...judge on both sides if u have to judge...and the thing about calling u slut.. u dont have to agree wat others thinks of u...u knw urslf better than anyone else...so enjoy life rather than making it critical..
GAME OF REVENGE (slow claps), STOP BEING A JERK. WILL YOU?\n\nOkay\ni have passed my teenage life with rumours though im still a teenager and im still going through it. \nA fell for a guy we both are from B. Borooah college he is senior to me.  By passing time we came into a relationship.  Just like others the first few months were going good but then there wasn't a single night i didn't shed my tears.  Every time we had fights he use to leave me in the middle of the road.  Everytime i use to beg him to continue our relation.  \nThrough all this we somehow passed our 7months and then one night he split on me.  \nHe even told my father isn't a good person just because he has two wives.  \nI would say its a personal thing marrying one two he had problems so he had to marry.  ut just being a boyfriend he can't just open up his mouth against my father.  \nOne day after i left him i broke up finally.  \n\nThen i met a guy \nhe was like more than a friend less than a boyfriend he heal me at those time.  \nHe supported me.  He cared me whether i slept with a empty stomach. The way he cared the way i responsed we both fall for each other and now im a happy person.  \nBut then the guy actually my ex started talking shits and rubbish just because im happy with someone else or just because he couldn't take care as much this guy could.  \nHe spread my number \nAnd today i got a call offering to have sex? \nWow just because now i can be real and smile real im being call a slut to have sex!  \nPeople just gave me a reason to quite and nothing else.
I think the last two lines make a huge impact. Ignoring his personal preferences and advices. Switching directly to those last two lines. You made a point.
Means I was wrong my whole life. Waiting for girls to take the first approach on me
Until a girls says I'll the bill do pay next time man and women can never be equal ;)
Why dont you directly say you wished your crush proposed you first ! :3
The so called real feminist will never agree..
Its not ladies first...we serve  on first come first serve basis..we don't care what the gender is ..
I wonder where #pragati dutta  is hiding( No offense
A MAN TALKS ABOUT FEMINISM AND EQUALITY\n\nSince feminism is a core issue of our country and women expect men to see them as equals. How come women never take the first approach to a guy she's interested in? I get that some do but somehow men always falls on their leash in order to win their heart and often women use their victim card in ruling their argument. Somehow logic always goes out of the window. Objectification is something I am against but it is two way street and how come women never respect that. I know there are some exceptions but the majority of them think that 'All men are dogs' and some men even support them for that. You call a girl bitch in front of another women and see her reaction. When you ask a women about feminism she'll immediately point to women rights. Okay, cool but what about equality? Where does that leave all the men? They will get bashed anyway whether you support them or not. I think a women should first take the initiative before talking about feminism. Its not about women, it never was. Its about equality or equity.\n\nM/25
Going with real. The kind of form they are in and ofcourse home advantage will play a major part
Real Winning n Chelsea vs City draw ll p perfect 4 Me #Arsenalfan
Form is temporary bro class is Permanente... and we have both.. \n#hallamadrid
Railway Minister is not an honorary position. Elected based on his credential, not conferred!
Travelling time could be reduce to  another hour n half, if railways sanction svs to jorhat and khumtai to jakhalabandha( salona)line.
Timings\nDeparture from dib : 5 am\nArrival at ghy : 1:45 pm\nDen from ghy again departure at: 2 or 2:15 pm\nArrival at dib: 11 pm\nIt would HV been better if d train could be from DBRT instead of DBRG\nAnyways,,a great step
So according to an update received, NF Railways is set to introduce a new Shatabdi Express from Dibrugarh via Sivsagar to Guwahati. The journey will be done and dusted in just 8.45 hours. Welcome move by Suresh Prabhu, honorary Railway Minister (y)
That's how you deal with internet stalkers. Dont whine, be like Ishita.
During a building construction a labour does more manual work than a civil engineer. But can he design a building ? \n\nI don't know what's happening inside a operation theatre , but I am pretty sure a nurse can't perform a surgery without expert guidance of a proper surgeon. Manual work and help is a different thing. But knowing function of a machine/medicine, handling emergency situations etc are a completely different story.
why dont you help the poor people now or orphanages and give that money in charity? ki difference thakil nu hei doc and tumar majot? and aru eta kotha maybe the ones you have worked for were corrupted but everyone is not that . And doing mbbs alone is a tough time wasting lots of money from the family so keep calm ...if you are so jealous get a mbbs degree its never too late.
Doctors emphasising on the merit part okay, understood. Why no docs come to the other part of story about irrelevant test and medicine recommendation? Is that the truth or a myth? I respect the fact that Doctors have the knowledge and skills to diagnose a patient, that doesn't mean you've the right to mislead your patients. My humble request to all the Docs, please don't forget the Hippocrates' oath, be true to your profession 
Frustration of a bloody money loving nurse... Happy jst becoz she is in notes now.... N d dark truth of gnrc ..open to all since time immemorial.... From a mbbs graduate... Who know what its to live wd this degree.
The reason you dont have a mbbs degree is you are showing off publicly you had a profit of 80k that too by money laundering.
You got your morals sold for 2 lakhs. As a grown up lady you're not supposed to think of it as a gain.
D fact dt u think doctors take credit.\nU want that credit. Think of dis. Patient dies due to d failure of operation. Will u take dt credit. NO .. U DON'T HAVE THE FUCKING GUTS TO TAKE THAT CREDIT.\nTHIS IS WHAT MAKES THEM DOCTORS.\nGive dem the respect they deserve u narrow minded piece of a brain.\nThey dedicate their late teenage years to late 20s to become one. Wt do u do during dt tym.. partying around in pubs clicking selfies.\nWatch abt wt u complain. \nLastly. D money u took can be seen as taking a bribe from another angle. MIND THAT LADY
Medical hubs in guwahati r just for looting the people of NE..only money making business
Nice one. Though you are also making a mistake but the things you said about doctors(not all) are true.
singing bullshit became a new fashion of the whole Indian music.. bollywood makes it in a fashionable way with bigger budget thus becomes hit BUT these assamese songs (also bhojpuri & many other regional local videos) who tries to be a copycat but they make songs only with bullshit no prfct budget thus not fashionable.. i dont understand who is benifitted by this!! I wonder is it a conspiracy to kill the rich regional culture..
In this case I think rather than some idiot who waste money on drinks in Basement Bar these freelance Assamese actors/singer are doing great job. Hats off for them
now, what is \"Assamese industry r management board\", again ? and, how do u think this imaginary board is supposed to stop people from uploading audio/video's in their own profiles/accounts ?? :D :
The deserts of Saudi Arabia were covered in snow at the end of November 2016, bringing joy to surprised Saudis who marked the occasion building snowmen. However, the weather soon turned very serious, and deadly. The first snowfall in northern parts o...
Its intentionally  done by rahul gandhi IT cell just to show people of India that online transactions  are not secured..  Chutiyapa at the highest level..
Meanwhile raga is trending in twitter after someone hacked his twitter handle and posted abusive tweet about him and his family !! The most hilarious meme I found is \n\n#Frankcastle (Only for fun, #No_Offence)
He is the biggest fan of neufc the first one to hand paint neufc jerseys before even they came to market. A big football fan Migom
NEUFC SEMIFINAL QUALIFICATION SCENARIOS..\n\n1. Beat Kerela in the next game and qualify. \n2. If we draw, then we are out unless Pune beats Kolkata by a 2 goal margin or higher! \n\nThis is our best chance. We have to win the next one. \n\nGood luck highlanders!\ud83d\ude01\n\nUPDATE: As pointed out by Prasun Shome. We have to win. Draw wont do.
Last year we had H2H advantage n they considered goal diffrnce this year we have chances of leading by GD and they will consider H2H
Last match in guwahati today. Hope nxt season again shouting. Al d best for next match
Dznt matr wat othr teams do... We must win to reach semis
Those who have gone to watch the game becareful bey, the roof might fall off :v :P
What's your call guys will we see another home match or this is it?\n\nYour predictions for tonight match guys?\n\nTeam\nGMC
I think this is the same guy who posted earlier about his 17 lacs earning from tuition
New richest man of india.....the poor richest man of the day
Oh finally d blah blah challenge stupidities r gonna end hopefully....
Jagdish Chandra Bose\u2019s 158th birthday celebrated with a Google doodle\nGoogle has today dedicated a doodle on its homepage to Jagdish Chandra Bose, a pioneer in biophysics, radio science and science fiction.\n\nAs a scientist, Bose made several contributions in the fields of physics, biology and archaeology. He was also a writer in the science fiction genre, with stories like Niruddesher Kahini (The Story of the Missing One), and he is also considered as the \u2018father of Bengali science fiction\u2019. But he is perhaps best known for his work in the field of biophysics, and his invention of a scientific instrument called crescograph. Seen alongside Bose in the doodle, this instrument is used to measure plant responses to various stimuli by magnifying it 10,000 times. This instrument helped him prove parallels between animal and plant tissues.\n\nBose also made significant contributions to the world of radio and microwave sciences. He was among the first to use semiconductor junctions to detect radio signals and discovering millimeter length electromagnetic waves. He is also credited with having invented one of the first versions of wireless telecommunication.
You are a very good Goalkeeper.......we lost a very good Goalkeeper & very good brother also.....RIP bro.....
Another 7 martyred in Nagrota. New Pakistan General starts office with such an attack only a couple of days after Pakistan says they want peaceful talks! \n\nPerfect example of a wannabe democracy where the shots are still called by the Army! -_-
First of all, get your facts correct and you don't have worry for our state, we know how to get rid of those illegal immigrants.
Fools, now only coming up. When we did riots in 2012, you guys are saying that we The Bodos are terrorist. Now enjoy n howl
Want to see it implemented then I will thank BJP and Modi but till then it is just another political agenda.
So an other news is trending in social media, about EPPB(E property pass book) \n\nAccording to the news circulated, the government will ban any property registrations until that property exists in EPPB. Post 1st April 2017 all citizens of India need to submit their property details to the Sub Registrar office, where officers will verify the property and enter them into the owners E \u2013 Property Pass Book (EPPB). This process will run from 1st April 2017 to 31st March 2018. The government will acquire all the properties that are not in the EPPB. People can sell, buy or exchange properties that are valid in the EPPB. Further the EPPB will be linked to the PAN and Aadhar therefore people cannot skip tax post selling of the property.\n\nFor entry  of a property into individual EPPB the property owner has to personally report with ownership proof to Sub Registrar office where specill officers will enter all your property details in EPPB. Only after this entry into EPPB your properties will become yours. Government will have special counters for emergency sellers, mortgagers, buyers where they can do exchange of properties but with full details of all properties. Below is the screenshot of the message that is being circulated in social media.\n\nThis is not a verified news, but it is being circulated in social media. If this were true lots of encroached lands will be freed up by the government. Land mafia will die and real estate costs will be controlled.\n\n#FRANKCASTLE
Dear mate kindly delve inside the HAL history, I m sure u ll b ashamed of it. And regarding experience , reliance also didn't had experience in clothing, refinery, electricity, mobile service, metro rails, etc but you can see the bench marks it set which still others r striving to close-in. Excellence doesn't need experience but require the will to excel. Just a tag line, other say it impossible but we say it is RELIANCE.
Lemme clear something here... Too much dependence on govt sectors leads to delays and when it comes to national security, it cannot be compromised. HAL can build an aircraft within a year, but mass production of that particular aircraft is not possible. Even in countries like russia and usa, the companies making the fighter jets are not directly under the govt. They just work with the govt. If the govt invests in HAL, there will be delays and cost overruns whereas in case of private sector, the govt can giv the funding and if there are delays, they can be held accountable. U think this can happen in HAL? it took them 24 years to develop an LCA....\nAnd y reliance??? Becoz they have the money, infrastructure and resource building capabilities better than any other company in the current scenario.
HAL's track record says it all.. and the rafale purchase is strategic one.. on immediate besis.. IAF cannot wait for 20 years.. Rafale is equipped with state of the art technology and with its BVR and A2G role it has no competitor at least for India. payload carried by rafale makes it worlds one of the best option to be considered my IAF and MOD. Dassault Aviation and reliance formed a JV coz the agreement has a 50% offset clause to boost the Indian Defense Sector. Nothing like conspiracy here.. JV is formed between Dassault Aviation and Reliance and govt. has nothing to do with the JV.
And Also read about HAL indigenous twin-engine,heavy aircraft project  SARAS  . Failed...i saw only flight tests during my college days....no success yet...although it was supposed to be delivered to Air force from 2014....Dont think gvt will blindly hand over multicrore project without doing any research. have some sense.
Priyanka Chopra is big inspiration to all of the young kids in this world... ..such a shame on u people talking shit...
Such bakwas comedy! Not funny at all. Who are these losers? Seem to be insecure of successful women like Priyanka.
U asked for it so u got it...... Y complaining now..... If u want smthing more dn dt dn u shld hv gone for sm another job.... N yes u'r seriously not eligible for the respected job of teaching cz u don't know d importance of those dates u mentioned n children learn all dis at school..... Seriously u need to leave the job b4 ruining the mind of the kids who hv to write the future of this country.
Teachers work hardly 4 to 5 hours in a day, even less in some particular days with all the state govt holidays like shankardev tithi, jonmastomi etc . . . Then, why u complaining ? ? ? If ur expecting a better salary den leave this job and go for some other jobs like banking but let me remind you dat people here work for around 9-10 hours in a day without break. .
What she says is correct....... No one wants to work with Low revenue neither will the #People who are commenting on this post. She understands earlier what is wrong rather than those people who are still trying to make it #Wrong. \nJudging someone is like bread and butter.... but when it will comes to you, You people will not able to afford those lines.
15 August and 2nd octuber .....!!!! I think you r not a suitable person to be a teacher ....you do not know the history of our country ......freedom fighters libereted our country without getting any salary ....govt have employed you to create good citizens and socially responsible persons and you r just crying for money like beggers .....shame on you...at least you should have a attitude for social service bcz u hv selected the profession of teacher according to your own choice.....if you have problem with this job you can resign your job....go and be a barbar or a masion and earn more and more money than a teacher...
Your first line, \"If you expect us to work IN sunday's\" tells a thing or two about you. Btw ever tried to do anything else? And why couldn't you make it big? Ask yourself before blaming the circumstances. This is not how a teacher behaves. A teacher must always love his her job and not just do it for the sake of money. Change your mentality or change the job
Shame on you of choosing highly respected Teacher job .Person like you should show the way out.Assam unemployment numbers reached at  around 30 lakhs and still you are not between them.Better sack ,so that someone could get that job.
I have been to a pvt engg college (interior part of maharashtra) where the official holiday is Wednesday and not Sunday. Moreover, if there is some national/religious/any other holiday, wednesday holidays gets compensated. They have even worked 1 full month without holiday (not even sundays). Daily from 8 am - 6 pm. They teach, do research, guide students, involve in yoga etc etc on a daily basis. And with dress codes too. But they seem to enjoy it. If you are a teacher, enjoy in teaching and learning. And on holidays like Gandhi Jayanti/ I-Day, take your family along with you to school, and spend the day with colleagues, students etc. And if you are not satisfied with the salary, you always have international schools that pays heavily. Try for them.
And for those super (pseudo) intelligent beings out here asking about the hours of work that a teacher puts in and , go look at the salary of a professor who take just 2-3 classes in a week .
If you have so much of problem do 1 thing leave the job and switch 2 some other job. By d way he have not invited u to join, its u who wanted this job..every govt person hv to attend their respective work place on this 2 occasion
The grievance seems worth considerable from the diversity of problems encircling the issue but the manner in which presented is condemnable. 15th August or 26th January or 2nd October are days which has been declared National Holidays for some significant reasons concerning the national sentiments which has undoubtedly perished among citizens of our country but duties assigned on that day should be proudly accepted as this would prove to be the least one can do against the sacrifices of the millions that have paved path for a respectable life we live in this country. In fact the things mentioned to do on such days are our very responsibilities by default. One might consider the domestic problems of parenting nature but it is shameful to weigh salary and responsibility incidental to such days of national importance.
ask a soldier...does he gets leave on sundays...somedays ago everybody was furious on the killing of soldiers...so whenever you dont get leaves ..remind yourself of a soldier standing on the frontline
u got the whole july off with full salary.... u didn't compliant at that point....
barbers are skilled entreprenures... you are underpaid. that is okay. but why you guys take barbers name just to maintain your ego?
Nothing can every develop in a country where the primary teachers are exploited .
U mean to say barbers works is lower category then your job...nonsence madam
Teachers of private schools go to schools on these days....even they should be given the same facility then...
"A TEACHER'S NOT HAPPY WITH THE NEW RULES\n\nIf you expect us to work in Sunday's, you must pay extra salary for it. I am a teacher in a government school, not even the regular teacher, I am a TET teacher. I hardly get 15000. These days, even Barbers and Masions earn more than me. What is the government trying to prove by making us come to school on 15 August and 2nd October? That under us, Teachers are no longer Kamsur? Dear Minister, with the kind of salaries we are paid, we can't afford a maid to cook our food and clean our house, we can't afford to keep our young babies in Creche. If you are so hellbent on making us work on Official Holidays, please arrange for a cook as well like you have in your house. Or atleast increase the maternity leave by 3 years, so that our children are old enought to go to nursery school. If you can't do that, please don't expect us to abandon our Official Holidays to join your stupid pseudo-political shallow tamashas... Try fixing the leaking roof of our school instead...
Last year's game was a disaster, but this year we are off to a thunderous start! Will we keep it up against the Mumbaikars or will the ghosts of last year's game haunt us again! Join us and a host of fans at the Basement Cafe and show your love for NEUFC!
Itz not a scam itz an mlm.  Pple earn money  through  dis pyramid scheme But it takes  a lot  of time to earn actual money nd a lot of hard work nd success ratio is very less. Itz quite popular over here in bangalore nd other metros .
Beware of this fake agency \u2013 EBIZ()COM PVT LTD ,-- ITS A HUGwell first of all...yuck..\n12 years younger..dude.. that is disgusting...just let her be with some normal people..and you should go see a shrink..something is wrong with your brain if it can't see the obvious..E SCAM\none of my close friend told me about some sort of online computer course that he was doing. also told about being an entrepreneur and all . I was a little bit curious to know about all these. That evening he asked me to meet him at Food Villa. I went there and  a properly dressed smart looking guy came, introduce himself and asked me about my life. he spoke about our dreams, big goals and all. He also told us that we are not going to achieve those just by going to a college. And then he stated giving a presentation on an online computer course. Which contain 72 courses, also in audio visual format and blah blah in just rupees 10880 . And how they are earning lots of money by promoting this product and I can also be a part of this and become rich. I was literally happy that moment cause I was in need of a computer course at that moment and then that business part.\n                     Without giving a 2nd thought I joined them, spending 10880. \nAnd when I got my computer course and it was nothing but a piece of shit. After 40/50 days of joining I got those CDs of audio visual format and No word on the quality of these computer courses because even a ebizer will agree that they are the worst and outdated. Today, anyone can easily get much much better quality of computer courses than ebiz on internet for free of cost.\nbeware of the fact that the certificates provided by ebiz on clearing the test are not valid anywhere.\nAlso keep in mind that you have to renew you package after one year. But they wont tell you these sort of things before registration.\nIm not good at writing so probably im not able to express my story properly. But you will get lots of these scam stories about them in google (and they say these are just fake stories of some jealous people).\nWhy am I confessing this ??? because these bastards too good at tricking people and making money by fooling the students like us. And shamelessly they call themselves entrepreneur.  \nMy request for whoever is reading this confession is that please let others know about these fraud people because lots of college students are falling in this trap.\nYou can also go through is article once-\nhttp://www.investmentschool(.)in/how-ebiz-opportunity-actually-very-clever-scam
The impact of being a farmer in Assam...hope this govt will understand some day &  with open arms & a good heart will hear the farmers & the farming society.
Parents. \nThis season have brought disaster to us. The Rice cultivation have been impacted by this new worms and insects. God knows will the Rice return even last for 3 months after harvesting.\nAnd now after spending all our money on Pesticides , no more money to buy Seeds and Manure for Vegetable cultivation. \nBut don't worry I have saved a bit for your New Saree for Durga Pooja, your old one seems torn and bit discolored.\nMeanwhile she remembered her Son demanding for New Clothes and Pooja Expenses. She asserted herself that her old ones could be stitched.\n#FarmersTale.
This post took me back in time :-) i still remember on my birthday back in 2004 I distributed Mango bites among friends in school. It used to be my favourite! <3
KBFC fans are like dortmund fans.... U jus cannot compare them with any other teams fans...on the other hand.... NEUFC fans are like manchester city fans.... IYKWIM 
Ban mobile phones inside Stadium n i bet all the plastic fans will vanish...there would be nothing to showoff if they can't take selfie.
But only few girls are available in the stadium of Kochi as compared to total crowd capacity, in respect of gender equality Sarusajai is best..
I was also there during the opening ceremony, and i told my friend that i  saw a decrease in chants from the crowd as compared when i was there for the Isl s1. \nI fully agree with the confessor.
The mexican wave was well organised..it was real fun to watch.atleast we fans can also try to do it once.....game is nt only about winning..loosing is also a part of game.and breaking things or attacking opposite club fans is nt at all supported.some things needs to be changed amongst the neufc fans.
About 70% of the crowd only visits the stadium to click selfies. It is the job of the announcer to guide the fans for Mexican wave
So true. And if NEUFC lose a match they start destroying the stadium barricades and banners
IT WILL HURT MANY BUT...BUT IT'S TRUE\n\nKBFC Fans in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium today, practicing the Mexican Wave is something worth watching. NEUFC plastic fans (not all) will say \"eh baad de naa bey\". Even the person on the mike in the sarusajai stadium won't bother to guide the crowed for such practice. I was there on the opening ceremony and I myself saw how people didn't even bother to give a round of applaud on efforts given by the players. They only shout when there is a goal, or if any foul takes place. \n\nMisa kole ki daal hobo, this is also an important matter. \n\nLoved the support of KBFC FANS for it's team today. \n\nNow shoot your slangs I just don't care. \n\n#NEUFC Always <3
THE UNSETTLING OF THE SETTLED GUY \ud83d\ude02\n\nIm a well settled guy. Im in relationship(unnamed) with a girl who is 12 yrs junior to me. We r in a relationship since last 1 n half yr. Whenever we meet we involve in passionate physical activities. When everything is going good i heard something from 1 of her friend that she is liking a boy of her class since last few months. She never revealed this to me. After hearing I realized some of her lies which she tried to convince me in some ways( i. e.  Busy phone calls,  hanging around etc). I believed then but now Im in great dilemma whether she wants to continue this relationship or not. I tried to talk to her about that guy but she avoid the topics everytime. Even i realize she has less time for me n doesn't posses any regret if i complain. Today I asked her for break up just to read her mind; she paused for a while n tried to tell something but cudnot finish n walked away silently. After that I didn't see her at the place where she waits for me everyday. Now im very much upset n missing her every moment. Is this love??? \n\n#Parker: You remind me of Seth Rogen from Pineapple Express \ud83d\ude02
U r old dn dat girl. Or maybe she is in d age of flying, to young so in dat time liking someone, attracted to someone rather dn her relationship is normal. So better discuss with her calmly about dis topic. N make a decision.
well first of all...yuck..\n12 years younger..dude.. that is disgusting...just let her be with some normal people..and you should go see a shrink..something is wrong with your brain if it can't see the obvious..
12 yrs....n in such a sentimental post how did that physical come from....!!\nU shud go n get an aunty actually ....love is blind but not out of brain dude!!
Don't worry for marriage she will choose u and for reltnshp she wil go after him
I don't support beauty pageants as it reduces women to a thing of beauty. But there is something called choice. What is your problem if raises their self esteem when they see themselves as models. Don't look at them if you don't like them.
Hey fagget ..let me tell you a great story..\"you are rejected by the model with whom you wanna get laid ..but your morales turned down as you knew it's a shemale\"..and you are accusing the masses being a lost-hole..moral: don't try models..they are beyond you.
I don't think most of us, let alone these freelance models would ever even get nominated in our whole life for an Oscar, Noble, etc, let alone win them. \ud83d\ude02
Seriously guys... everyone these days are getting judgemental...look at your status before judging ! \nNo offense
1. You're a big time Loser I suppose 2 .Your brain haven't evolved since the stone age 3. You should absolutely mind your own business 4. You have a high risk of getting arrested for socially offending an individual 5 . I've got friends in the respective sectors who are very hard working and way more successful than you will ever be  6. I guess you're ex was a Model (hopefully) and finally found out what a douchebag you are (thankfully) and left for a better place ... 7. You're pissed at them for entirely personal reasons (no doubt about it) 8. You're so against the fashion world yet you didn't stop your research on which celeb did the casting couch ... 9. If you can't lift someone up dont try putting them down ... small town girls taking parts in competitions and later working out in major cities all alone deserves respect ...  10 . You should finally get a life ... thank u :-)
Shame on people who create such videos.Spoiling our culture like anything.Really ashamed....Please stop all these.We are out of our beloved state and already people say negative things,we don't want it anymore.Stop these immediately!!!!!!!!God Bless!!!!!!!
Julfiur Rahman Priyana Sharma Pathak Angsuman Pathak watch this guys.. U will want to leave this planet after watching this.. Assamese music is going to be RIP soon
Those who don't know...Please google about uber, it is a technology company not a taxi or cab company...All its driver are independent contractors and responsible for their actions...I never used uber but I did google it..so I suggest u all should do it too
And don't dare to blame government. Kayum died in Delhi but you guys can secure another Kayum here in Guwahati. So we need our safety here in Guwahati too. Your driver abuses us sometimes when we say them to slow down the vehicle.
First of all I respect your saying but as you said we can complain regarding your driver but sir/madam whosoever you are please accept the fact that you guys don't pay any attention regarding our complain. I complained to UBER Guwahati some months back regarding your driver's misbehaviour with me and with my friend,you guys said we will look into the matter but that driver is still working for UBER Guwahati with his Swift Dezire. After that complain my number was may be blacklisted as I can't make any call nor any information was given by your side regarding my complain. \nThe day Cottonian destroyed your vehicles it was my day to cheer, I was happy. \nSo what if you haven't listen to my complain, our Cottonian had done it right
This is the modern transport system . the service of UBER is fine and behaviour of drivers are polite an gentle . but out of 100 passenger 10  may rude . i think in rear cases driver may misbehave . or passenger bound him to misbehave
Yes I also get some problems from a uber driver. I mn regular calls or saying something like ridiculous. I told him don't disturb me I don't wanna listen anything. Dn he started threaten me like I know adress so Don t b so smart I cn take u from ur address or nobody able to get that . Then I gave complain at uber sending mail with dat driver name. After dat he stop calling. I appreciate this kind of service of uber.
You are right to some extent. I am Uber customer. I am happy with our Guwahati Uber service.
Ok...you lost it their. Why should we blame the Govt of not making hired rides equipped with all the safety features you mentioned ...EBS, EBD etc etc...why the UBER does not make it mandatory that whatever car you're using for the purpose must be equipped with all the safety features...writing a post, brushing what the UBER driver did (Kayuum Pegu's death) & moreover would you fire the black Sheep's that you mentioned about ? What do you mean to say...you pay & your at your own risk...bullshit...before you post something like that by simply asking the people to start questioning the govt on making safety compulsory on your rides...why don't you do it yourself
I am in delhi. I am using uber occasionally but never faced anything unusual till now.\nAgree with the confessor.
SOMEBODY FROM UBER SPEAKS UP\n\n\"I work for Uber Guwahati. After the Kayum Pegu's Accident, our office has been flooded with hate mails from anonymous people. I thought I should clear the air regarding the issue and put my thought across to the morons who think Uber should be held accountable for Kaayums Accident.\nFirstly, you can't rate the driver of an autowalla or kali peeli taxi, but you can rate & leave a comment or complaint on the driver of an uber if he misbehaves or is drunk. So our platform actually discourages the driver to drink and drive. \nSecondly, you should be blaming the government for not making ABS, EBD, Airbags, Radar Based Automatic Braking and other safety features mandatory for all the vehicles sold in our country. Kaayum is not just the only tragic accident that happened in recent years, 400 people die in road accidents every year. Its the ruling party who is heavily paid by the automobile lobby during elections so that they don't make important safety features compulsory because it will make the cars costly which will make their sales suffer.\nThirdly, many of our vehicles were just damaged a few weeks back by the Cottonian Dhekeris who took supari from Autowallas to destroy our vehicles. Many of our vehicles have spent weeks in Garages for just charging customers less than Autowallas. Don't you think that being from English Medium Schools & Delhi University, you should be behaving with maturity instead of writing hate letters to Uber Guwahati for something that happened in Delhi? Our platform is a boon for people who can't afford or drive a car.\nFourthly, most of our drivers are well educated, B.Techs, MBAs and people who could easily get a white collar job elsewhere. Its only because GPS based cab service increase efficiency sending the cab nearest to the customer which transates to lower fares and higher salaries. These graduates would otherwise have been sitting bekar or working for those flop software companies earning 8-10 thousand a month. \nSo please, stop writing hate mails and help become Uber a better platform for App based Cab service. Our thoughts are with Kayum and we understand that it is an irreparable loss. But you can save future Kayums from suffering accidents by simply rating rude and unruly drivers so that we can weed out black sheeps from our platform. You can also petition the government on change.(org) for making important safery features mandatory for cars. \"\n\n#Parker: Although I agree with most of your points and I do believe that Uber is a fantastic service, I feel Uber could have reacted better to the whole situation. Your PR wing didnt release any proper statement both during Kaayum's trauma and Kaayum's death (You guys were so quick during the Delhi Molestation one) \n\nAlso, every Uber Ride is supposedly insured (according to your website). The least you could have done and still can do so is to release some sort of compensation for the bereaved family who not only lost their dear daughter but also spend almost all their savings in the efforts to save her.
Breathe easy Guwahati! All stupid traffic routes including the B.Barooah one are now lifted!
In Guwahati, every event is the 'biggest event' of the year! Be it some lousy DJ night, some unknown TV  celeb or an evening filled with bloopers, our event managers always love the tag of the biggest event! \n\nNot us. We are aiming at something different. NO DJ. No loud music. No entry fees. We are doing COMEDY. That will probably turn most of you off! In case we are wrong and a COMEDY GIG is something you have waited
If you are free tonight, please do come and attend our event at the Basement Cafe, Opp Commerce College. 5.30pm onwards. The cafe will also screen the NEUFC vs Goa FC game for those who didnt get the tickets. :) \n\nSupport the local artists for a long time, the date is tomorrow! :D Eden Marcomm and Basement Cafe brings you the smallest event of the year! \n\nEvent scripted and produced by: Somdeb Roy
If you are free tonight, please do come and attend our event at the Basement Cafe, Opp Commerce College. 5.30pm onwards. The cafe will also screen the NEUFC vs Goa FC game for those who didnt get the tickets. :) \n\nSupport the local artists
Same like unity of Indians....which is high only during IND-PAK cricket match...aftr or b4 the match..none of us are INDIANS..we r assamese,punjabi,bihari,boro,bengali......n god knows what else....
Not only northeast... condition of whole india is d same.. we r united during cricket matches n foreign attacks.. rest of the times.. we r only assamese , bengali, marathi etc etc
Not at all, cos we don't have alternatives like big cities... it will result in progress only when our roads will become broader and different narrow passages connecting different part of the city will be constructed
Terrorists strike at Baramulla Army camp.  2 terrorists neutralized by the army. 2 jawans injured so far. \n\nSource: Times Now
@Gwahati Metro Community!!!!! What the f-ing hell was that!!!! N y did u have to mention about it...I saw it and now m doomed for life...@Pahi Sharma only God can help you!!!! And me too after watching ur video or whatever that was....I hope I die soon..
a true football fan would be satisfied that at least the indian public is coming to the stadium to watch a match, for glamour purposes or otherwise. for once football is in the spotlight and not cricket
He has a very valid point Well I went to all the bordoloi games ... go to most of the Super division games.... all the ASPL games in guwahati and Even The national team games ... hard to see a jam packed stadia for some booty shake and glamour football but not even a full gallery filled for the national teams games...
Plus it was disgusting to see guys with no knowledge about football screaming shouting shit ... with the usual northeast northeast and claiming penalties for fouls in the halfway line... Most of the guys present couldnt even name the playing xi for neufc that played yesterday
atleast the privatisation of this game has got people to come into the stands !! something the national football league is unable to do so. I know that the Indian football league is getting affected by the popularity of isl, but whatever is the arguement, ISL is making girls boys young men n women and fathers and mothers come to the stadiums to enjoy 2 hours every week. Mark my words, if not all, some of those young local players will play for India and make the country proud !! forget about the people who goes to watch, think about the players, the local players. they love the attention as much as anybody else, they are getting paid to play football, and when they play well they get recognition. Yesterday, local boy Holicharan Narzary was man of the match. Think about him, his happiness, his parents must be proud of him. But it doesn't stop for him there, the whole tournament is there for other players like him to fight out to challenge for the best spot. They are wearing nice jerseys, the people are watching, media is watching. There are coaches from many different countries and legends and players of this game coming to India. What is wrong with that? Well, ofcourse you can turn a blind eye of all these good things happening and only complain about the 'selfies\" ??
Dude..I watch most of the league matches...not only Premier league bt laliga,ligue1,bundesliga nd I miss my school to watch UCL..Nd yeah I went to the opening ceremony as well...nd speaking of bordoloi trophy..i think you know the diff between the two tournaments...just because you dint get the tickets its not fair to judge others...#just a football fan\n#no offense
Yeah and an opening ceremony with no ex footballers present or invited well people dont know about our glorious past history in the sport the time when we finished 4th in olympics won asian cup gold most of those playerd are still alive yet not invited...
Few of your points are valid. Half of them came to see the superstar's, and taking selfies is not my concern but behaving like they have been invited to watch the match, clicking pictures of their tickets like Tomorrowland tickets. Funny isn't it.
I know that feeling bro. No big deal.. Agote muru lagisil enekuai but this is life and let people do whatever they want. Just comment on the scenerio, don't judge.. Most people who watched isl last night didn't know about which of the players were playing for neufc, what formation were they playing.. No big deal.. I m happy that most people are cheering for Neufc in a cricket loving country.. BTW Bordoloi Trophy hoi and we some of the football enthusiasts enjoy it thoroughly every year.. No comparison please..
If you were to be a true football fanatic, you would've repected every damn league out there instead of uttering pure bollocks here.
i didnt go to ISL opening...but i condemn your thinking...everyone going there loves football..i watch almost every match of real madrid because cr7 is there? but does that mean i have less love for football? actually i dont have so much time to watch every football match...no one has..if being jobless and watching every football match only defines you as a football lover..thn i dont hve anythng else to say
Do you think that the people in the U.S who go for the Super Bowl  know every NFL player's name or go watch every small division match ? India is finally realizing that money can be earned though these kinda league after decades . It's more of an event where people go to have fun rather than concentrate on the actual matches . it's bringing the country together and events like these are actually good for our city too , it's high time Guwahati gets the exposure it deserves . So instead of ranting like an ass here .. plan n prebook next year's opening ceremony tickets way earlier . Peace ..\n\np.s I had no idea Steven Wilson was Porcupine Tree's vocalist until last month , but I am still going for NH7 . As I said it's more about the expirience and energy of this kinda events .
He is right and he has point, curse me boo me but he has a point, more than half isl fans dont even know fifa rules fully then why so excitement, yes cz of glamour and money and selfie. None fully knows north East rhino's whole squad name and formation, football is a true game. A game should be enjoyed with true spirit only and not in the name of glamour.
ISL is to indian football such as IPL is to cricket... bi names big money and hollow hopes...good players will always play good no matter what event... nd even FIFA doesnt consider ISL as national indian league...its I-LEAGUE as te natinal league for them...n btw.. if u wanna see best of football in india follow 3 teams.. mohun bagan...dempo and churchhill
To some extent true. Most of the people i asked just wanted to go see the opening ceremony. They dont even know who is competing whom. Its good to go out there and support football. But people are more concerned about the ceremony. The ones who are going to watch the rest of the matches are the real football fans. \n#letsfootball
ohh alia bhatt do u know who is messi and ronaldu?forget it,can u tell me who won the olympic gold medal in football this time?ok another one tell me indias football team captain...no girl u cant.so go back and prepare for the ad of gionee s7.
Not much pressing game,sloppy passes i would like to see more improvement.I'd say we had lady luck riding by our side!
Happy news for those who didn't get tickets!!\n\nSo  pls contacts me immediately .......!!!..\n.....My friend took ond ticket (500rs) for ISL inaugural match.but the problem is today (Oct 1) is his marriage with a Rich NRI's daughter...!!!!!\nwhich was decided early...so he called me now.... If anyone wants to ......\n...Marry a beautiful rich girl pls contact me ... :P \n\n*Lets football*\u26bd\u26bd\u26bd\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01... All the best #NEUFC ...
This tickets r for those who wana watch ISL on their tv..
Thats good... Underdog sports bar is of no use.    Its a celebs bar only calls Celebs to attract people... I will surely join nxt tym if i dont get tickets bt as for today i have tickets
guys, i want to be the coach of neufc please i have a formula on my formation i can make this team no 1 of india first then i will try further
If you did not get the tickets and didn't buy tickets in black and still want to catch the game in a lively atmosphere, the Basement Cafe is a good bet tonight! No admission charges and dress code shenanigans. Just drop in with love for NEUFC!
movie was good but it went for 3 hours... n waiting for isl opening 2moro... was n will be biggest football fan.. either NEUFC win or lose ...
we just need the spirit to support Northeast United!..Yeah!...:)
Folks My entry is through Namghar Path towards South East Stand but can we enter thru Sarasujai Stadium go to that gate ?? We dint get together but have only vehicle to reach but our entry  points are different.
Call of duty black ops monot pori goise.. Well done Indian Soldier it's because of you guys we can face the world with pride. Greatest respect
So guys am not trying to create a debate here...but just want to convey a message to the all the people's here.....now we dint have to be ashamed or bullied by Pakistanis anymore...we have a capable govt who have the guts to reply to the enimies unlike the congress.....what I really want to say is that it's better to die with pride rather than live like a coward....
All International media headlines are like \"Claims\" \"Surgical strikes \" but none belive it. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 It would be really a great feeling to teach a lesson to sick pakistani terrorist by our ARMY but if it is just a drama of MODI government and its paid Media to save its face after what happened in last few days then I must say we are been fooled badly. ....and all the credit must be given to our ARMY not bloody chaddi government
Long time ago Britain and France were at war. During one battle, the French captured an English colonel. They took him to their headquarters, and the French General began to question him. Finally, as an afterthought, the French General asked, \"Why do English Officers wear red coats? Don't you know the red material makes you easier targets for us to shoot at?\" In his bland English way, the officer informed the general that the reason British officers wear a red coats is that, if they are shot, the blood won't show, and the men they are leading won't panic.\" And that is why, from that day to this, all Pakistani Army Officers wear yellowish brown pants :p
My Dear Porkies, now you don't need to cross LOC for getting killed. Army has started home delivery. Special festive season offer - INDIA \ud83d\ude09
And you ask for inspiration without noticing the base....you want good smell at the end of the day and not agreeing to stand the smell of sweat which will make a celebrity later on? Dhuut!!
LIAR! Dhoni had never played football for Jarkhand team. He played football during his school years
THE STORY BEFORE THE UNTOLD STORY \ud83d\ude0b\n\nWay back in 2004, Assam was playing against Jharkhand. An uncle prodded me to go watch the match in Nehru Stadium and shake hands with Jharkhand captain . Khasgir uncle believed that in coming years the Jharkhand captain will be a big league cricketer and I may not get the opportunity to meet him. I did watch the match but I did not feel like going near the cricketer as he was sweating and stinking.\nTwo feet was the distance between me and Mahendra Singh Dhoni\n\nSource: Bhaskar Papukan Gogoi
